Jump to content From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 275,751 active editors 7,183,559 articles in English From todays featured article Shannen Doherty All Hell Breaks Loose is the third-season finale of Charmed, an American fantasy series that aired on The WB. It follows Prue Shannen Doherty, Piper Holly Marie Combs, and Phoebe Halliwell Alyssa Milano, three sisters who discover they are witches and use their powers to protect innocents from demons. All Hell Breaks Loose was written by Brad Kern and directed by Doherty pictured, and aired on May 17, 2001. It was the third episode of the series directed by Doherty. In the episode, Prue and Piper are caught using their powers on live television, which proves to have deadly consequences. During filming, Doherty used a Salvador Dal painting as inspiration for the episodes aesthetic, and helped her co-stars shoot emotionally challenging scenes. A week prior to the episodes airing, Doherty was fired from the series due to a feud with Milano, which resulted in her character being killed off. All Hell Breaks Loose has been cited as one of the shows best episodes, with critics highlighting Prues death. that The Park pictured by Gustav Klimt has been interpreted as producing a sense of anxiety in the viewer despite its apparently innocent depiction of a park? . that Tray Wellington was a part of the black reclamation of banjo music? . that, on the fourth anniversary of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy gave a video address showing the bunker in which he told the US that he needed ammunition, not a ride? . that Pamela Ball was prouder of her mathematics degrees than of being the first Jamaican woman to be a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England? . that Frank DeAngelis, the former principal of Columbine High School, wrote in his book that he recites the names of the victims of the Columbine High School massacre every day? . that a contract for building the Boracay Bridge was awarded despite opposition from the local municipality, the Ati people, and the Archbishop of Capiz? . that Cifelliodon is estimated to have been as large as a hare at a time when most other mammaliaforms were shrew- and mouse-sized? . that a test of the Spadina subway line took 3. 5 hours and used a diesel locomotive because electrical workers were on strike? . that Jordan Hadaway was the youngest manager in Welsh senior football at the age of 18? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Dalton Tagelagi Niuean prime minister Dalton Tagelagi pictured is re-elected for a third term following a general election. The Philippine Senate goes into lockdown after the attempted arrest of senator Ronald dela Rosa. The Progressive Liberal Party, led by Prime Minister Philip Davis, wins a second term in the Bahamian general election. Passengers from the cruise ship MV Hondius disembark in Tenerife after being quarantined due to a hantavirus outbreak. Ongoing Iran war Lebanon war Russo-Ukrainian war timeline Sudanese civil war timeline Recent deaths Kenneth Keith Emil Paul Tscherrig Jos Ballesta Timmy Albrecht Weinberg Rex Reed More current events Nominate an article On this day May 17 International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia World Hypertension Day Edward Stafford 1395 An outnumbered Wallachian army repulsed invading Ottoman forces at the Battle of Rovine. 1521 Edward Stafford pictured, whose father had been beheaded for rebelling against King Richard III of England, was himself executed for treason against King Henry VIII. 1900 Second Boer War The Siege of Mafeking in South Africa was lifted after 217 days, a decisive victory for the British against the Boers. 1974 The Troubles The Ulster Volunteer Force detonated a series of car bombs in Dublin and Monaghan, Ireland, killing 34 people and injuring almost 300 others. 1995 Six-year-old Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, the 11th Panchen Lama selected by the 14th Dalai Lama, was kidnapped by the Chinese government, who advocated a proxy. Although named after the Balearic Islands, it was probably introduced there by humans during the Bronze Age. It is mainly a lowland species but can occur up to 1,300 metres 4,300 ft above sea level. Formerly treated as part of the European green toad complex, genetic studies now recognise it as a distinct species, though limited hybridization occurs where its range overlaps with related green toads. The species has characteristic brownish or reddish-spotted paratoid glands. It is classified as a least-concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, although Balearic populations are declining. This female Balearic green toad was photographed near Giuncarico in Tuscany, Italy. Photograph credit Richard Bartz Recently featured Henry Fonda Malta Usambiro barbet Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements. Content portals A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia. Wikipedias sister projects Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects CommonsFree media repository MediaWikiWiki software development Meta-WikiWikimedia project coordination WikibooksFree textbooks and manuals WikidataFree knowledge base WikifunctionsCatalog of computer functions WikiquoteCollection of quotations WikisourceFree-content library WikispeciesDirectory of species WikiversityFree learning tools WikivoyageFree travel guide WiktionaryDictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available some of the largest are listed below. 1,000,000 articles Deutsch Espaol Franais Italiano Nederlands Polski Portugus Svenska Ting Vit 250,000 articles Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Bn-lm-g Catal etina Dansk Eesti Esperanto Euskara Magyar Norsk bokml Romn Simple English Slovenina Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Trke Ozbekcha 50,000 articles Asturianu Azrbaycanca Bosanski Frysk Gaeilge Galego Hrvatski Kurd Latvieu Lietuvi Norsk nynorsk Shqip Slovenina Retrieved from httpsen. php?titleMain_Pageoldid1345340283 346 languages AchAfrikaansAlemannisch PangcahAragonsngliscOboloAsturianuAtikamekwKotavaAymar aruAzrbaycancaBasa BaliBoarischemaitkaBatak TobaBikol CentralBajau Sama BetawiBislamaBanjarBamanankan BrezhonegBosanskiBatak MandailingBasa UgiCatalChavacano de Zamboanga Mng-dng-ngCebuanoChamoruTsetshestheseCorsuNhiyawwin QrmtatarcaetinaKaszbsczi CymraegDanskDagbanliDeutschDagaareThujZazakiDolnoserbskiKadazandusunEegbeEmilin e rumagnlEsperantoEspaolEestiEuskaraEstremeuMfantseFulfuldeSuomiVroNa Vosa VakavitiFroysktFngbFranaisArpetanNordfriiskFurlanFryskGaeilgeGagauzKriyl gwiyannenGidhligGalegoAvae Gychi KonknniBahasa HulontaloGhanaian PidginWayuunaikiFarefareGungbeGaelgHausa Hak-k-ngHawaiiFiji HindiHrvatskiHornjoserbsceKreyl ayisyenMagyarInterlinguaJaku IbanBahasa IndonesiaInterlingueIgboIgalaIupiatunIlokanoIdoslenskaItaliano inuktitutPatoisLa . JawaQaraqalpaqshaTaqbaylitKarai-karaiJjuKabyTyapKongoKumoringGkyKalaallisutYerwa Kanuri -RipoarischKurdKsaalKernowekLatinaLadinoLtzebuergeschLingua Franca NovaLugandaLimburgsLigureLadinLombardLinglaLietuviLatgauLatvieuMadhurBasa BanyumasanMalagasy MoriMinangkabau Moore Bahasa MelayuMaltiMirandsNhuatlNapulitanoNedersaksiesPlattdtsch Li NihaNederlandsNorsk nynorskNorsk bokmlNovialIsiNdebele seSewulaNouormandSesotho sa LeboaNupeDin bizaadChi-ChewaOccitanLivvinkarjalaOromooPangasinanKapampanganPapiamentuPicardNaijDeitschPlzischPolskiPiemontisNawatPortugusPinayuananRuna SimiRumantschRomani hibIkirundiRomnArmneashtiTarandneIkinyarwanda SarduSicilianuScotsDavvismegiellaSngSrpskohrvatski TaclitSimple EnglishSloveninaSloveninaGagana SamoaAnarkielChiShonaSoomaaligaShqip srpskiSranantongoSiSwatiSesothoSeelterskSundaSvenskaKiswahililnskiSakizayaTayal TetunTrkmeneTagalogToliSetswanaLea faka-TongaToki ponaTok PisinTrkeSeediqXitsonga tataraChiTumbukaTwiReo tahiti UyghurcheOzbekcha TshivendaVnetoVepsn kelTing VitWest-VlamsVolapkWalonWinarayWolofIsiXhosaYorbVahcuenghZeuws Bn-lm-gIsiZulu Edit links Search Main Page 346 languages Add topic For the English-language Wikipedia, see English Wikipedia. For the organization operating Wikipedia, see Wikimedia Foundation. For other uses, see Wikipedia disambiguation. orgCommercialNoRegistrationOptionalcUsers130 million as of May 17, 2026LaunchedJanuary 15, 2001 25 years ago 2001-01-15Current statusActiveContent licenseCC Attribution Share-Alike 4. 0dOCLC number52075003 Wikipediae is a free online encyclopedia written and maintained by a community of volunteers, known as Wikipedians, through open collaboration and the wiki software MediaWiki. Founded by Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger in 2001, Wikipedia has been hosted since 2003 by the Wikimedia Foundation, an American nonprofit organization funded mainly by donations from readers. 1 Wikipedia is the largest and most read reference work in history. 23 Initially available only in English, as of 2026,update Wikipedia has grown to over 300 languages and is one of the worlds most visited websites. The English Wikipedia, with over 7 million articles, remains the largest of the editions, which together comprise more than 67 million articles and attract more than 1. updateW 1 As of December 2025,update over 25 of Wikipedias traffic comes from the United States, while Japan accounts for nearly 7, and the United Kingdom, Germany, and Russia each represent around 5. 4 Wikipedia has been praised for enabling the democratization of knowledge, its extensive coverage, unique structure, and culture. Wikipedia has been censored by some national governments, ranging from specific pages to the entire site, sometimes due to its criticism of the government or for content otherwise considered blasphemous. 56 Although Wikipedias volunteer editors have written extensively on a wide variety of topics, the encyclopedia has also been criticized for systemic bias, such as a gender bias against women and a geographical bias against the Global South. 78 While the reliability of Wikipedia was frequently criticized in the 2000s, it has improved over time, receiving greater praise from the late 2010s onward. 1112 History Main article History of Wikipedia Nupedia Main article Nupedia Wikipedia founders Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger Various collaborative online encyclopedias were attempted before Wikipedias launch, but with limited success. 13 Wikipedia began as a complementary project for Nupedia, a free online English-language encyclopedia project whose articles were written by experts and reviewed under a formal process. 14 It was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, a web portal company. Its main figures were Bomis CEO Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger, editor-in-chief for Nupedia and later Wikipedia. 1516 Nupedia was initially licensed under its own Nupedia Open Content License. Still, before Wikipedia was founded, Nupedia switched to the GNU Free Documentation License at the urging of Richard Stallman. W 2 Wales is credited with defining the goal of making a publicly editable encyclopedia,17 while Sanger is credited with the strategy of using a wiki to reach that goal. 18 On January 10, 2001, Sanger proposed on the Nupedia mailing list to create a wiki as a feeder project for Nupedia. W 3 Launch and growth Wikipedia was launched on January 15, 2001 referred to as Wikipedia Day,19 as a single English language edition with the domain name www. com,W 4 and was announced by Sanger on the Nupedia mailing list. 17 The name, proposed by Sanger to forestall any potential damage to the Nupedia name,20 originated from a blend of the words wiki and encyclopedia. 2122 Wales stated that the idea for Wikipedia was influenced by the spontaneous order ideas associated with Friedrich Hayek and the Austrian School of economics after being exposed to these ideas by the libertarian economist Mark Thornton. 2324 Its integral policy of neutral point of view arose within its first year. 25 Otherwise, there were initially relatively few rules, and it operated independently of Nupedia. 17 Bomis originally intended for it to be a for-profit business. Language editions were created beginning in March 2001, with a total of 161 in use by the end of 2004. W 5W 6 Nupedia and Wikipedia coexisted until the formers servers were taken down permanently in 2003, and its text was incorporated into Wikipedia. The English Wikipedia passed the mark of 2 million articles on September 9, 2007, making it the largest encyclopedia ever assembled, surpassing the Yongle Encyclopedia made in China during the Ming dynasty in 1408, which had held the record for almost 600 years. 27 Due to fears of commercial advertising and lack of control, users of the Spanish Wikipedia forked from Wikipedia to create Enciclopedia Libre in February 2002. W 7 Wales then announced that Wikipedia would not display advertisements and changed Wikipedias domain from wikipedia. 30 The edition reached 3 million articles in August 2009. Around 1,800 articles were added daily to the encyclopedia in 2006 by 2013 that average was roughly 800. W 9 A team at the Palo Alto Research Center attributed this slowing of growth to increased coordination and overhead costs, exclusion of newcomers, and resistance to new edits. 29 Others suggested that the growth flattened naturally because articles that could be called low-hanging fruittopics that clearly merit an articlehad already been created and built up extensively. 313233 In November 2009, a researcher at the Rey Juan Carlos University in Madrid, Spain, found that the English Wikipedia had lost 49,000 editors during the first three months of 2009 in comparison, it lost only 4,900 editors during the same period in 2008. 3435 The Wall Street Journal cited the array of rules applied to editing and disputes related to such content among the reasons for this trend. 36 Wales disputed these claims in 2009, denying the decline and questioning the studys methodology. 37 Two years later, in 2011, he acknowledged a slight decline, noting a decrease from a little more than 36,000 writers in June 2010 to 35,800 in June 2011. In the same interview, he also claimed the number of editors was stable and sustainable. 38 A 2013 MIT Technology Review article, The Decline of Wikipedia, questioned this claim, reporting that since 2007 Wikipedia had lost a third of its volunteer editors, and suggesting that those remaining had focused increasingly on minutiae. 39 In July 2012, The Atlantic reported that the number of administrators was also in decline. 40 In November 2013, New York magazine stated, Wikipedia, the sixth-most-used website, is facing an internal crisis. 41 The number of active English Wikipedia editors has since remained steady after a long period of decline. 4243 On January 20, 2014, Subodh Varma reporting for The Economic Times indicated that not only had Wikipedias growth stalled, it had lost nearly ten percent of its page views last year. Its most popular versions are leading the slide page-views of the English Wikipedia declined by twelve percent, those of the German version slid by 17 percent and the Japanese version lost 9 percent. 44 Varma added, While Wikipedias managers think that this could be due to errors in counting, other experts feel that Googles Knowledge Graphs project launched last year may be gobbling up Wikipedia users. 44 By the end of December 2016, Wikipedia was ranked the fifth most popular website globally. 45 As of January 2023, 55,791 English Wikipedia articles have been cited 92,300 times in scholarly journals,46 from which cloud computing was the most cited page. 47 Sister projects Main article Wikimedia project Wikipedia has spawned several sister projects, which are also wikis run by the Wikimedia Foundation. These other Wikimedia projects include Wiktionary, a dictionary project launched in December 2002,W 10 Wikiquote, a collection of quotations created a week after Wikimedia launched,48 Wikibooks, a collection of collaboratively written free textbooks and annotated texts,W 11 Wikimedia Commons, a site devoted to free-knowledge multimedia,W 12 Wikinews, for collaborative journalism,W 13 and Wikiversity, a project for the creation of free learning materials and the provision of online learning activities. W 14 Another sister project of Wikipedia, Wikispecies, is a catalog of all species, but is not open for public editing. 49 In 2012, Wikivoyage, an editable travel guide,50 and Wikidata, an editable knowledge base, launched. W 15 Milestones Cartogram showing number of articles in the top 88 Wikipedias as of March 2024. update The size of the circles for Wikipedias that have less than a million articles is fixed and not proportional to the size of the Wikipedia. The smallest Wikipedia that made the cutoff is the Haitian Creole Wikipedia with 69K articles. g The languages are roughly grouped by region Northern Europe Southern Europe Eastern Europe Middle East East Asia Indian subcontinent Sub-Saharan Africa Central Asia Caribbean In January 2007, Wikipedia first became one of the ten most popular websites in the United States, according to Comscore Networks. 9 million unique visitors, it was ranked ninth, surpassing The New York Times No. 51 This marked a significant increase over January 2006, when Wikipedia ranked 33rd, with around 18. 52 In 2014, it received 8 billion page views every month. W 16 On February 9, 2014, The New York Times reported that Wikipedia had 18 billion page views and nearly 500 million unique visitors a month, according to the ratings firm comScore. 53 As of March 2023update, it ranked sixth in popularity, according to Similarweb. 54 Jeff Loveland and Joseph Reagle argue that, in process, Wikipedia follows a long tradition of historical encyclopedias that have accumulated improvements piecemeal through stigmergic accumulation. 5556 On January 18, 2012, the English Wikipedia participated in a series of coordinated protests against two proposed laws in the United States Congressthe Stop Online Piracy Act SOPA and the PROTECT IP Act PIPAby blacking out its pages for 24 hours. 57 More than 162 million people viewed the blackout explanation page that temporarily replaced its content. 58W 17 In January 2013, 274301 Wikipedia, an asteroid, was named after Wikipedia59 in October 2014, Wikipedia was honored with the Wikipedia Monument60 and, in July 2015, 106 of the 7,473 700-page volumes of Wikipedia became available as Print Wikipedia. 61 In April 2019, an Israeli lunar lander, Beresheet, crash landed on the surface of the Moon carrying a copy of nearly all of the English Wikipedia engraved on thin nickel plates experts say the plates likely survived the crash. 6263 In June 2019, scientists reported that all 16 GB of article text from the English Wikipedia had been encoded into synthetic DNA. 64 On January 18, 2023, Wikipedia debuted a new website redesign, called Vector 2022. 6566 It featured a redesigned menu bar, moving the table of contents to the left as a sidebar, and numerous changes in the locations of buttons like the language selection tool. 66W 18 The update initially received backlash, most notably when editors of the Swahili Wikipedia unanimously voted to revert the changes. 69 Waless book The Seven Rules of Trust was published in October 2025 by Penguin Random House. It was described by the publisher as a sweeping reflection on the global crisis of credibility and knowledge with the book examining the rules of trust that enabled the growth and success of Wikipedia. 70 Impacts of generative AI on Wikipedia views Further information Artificial intelligence in Wikimedia projects Since January 2024, the Wikimedia Foundation has reported a roughly 50 percent increase in bandwidth use from downloads of multimedia content across its projects. According to the foundation, this growth is largely attributed to automated programs, or scraper bots, that collect large volumes of data from Wikimedia sites for use in training large language models and related applications. 71 In October 2025, the Wikimedia Foundation reported an estimated 8 percent decline in traffic as compared to the same month in 2024 in human page views. They speculate that it reflects the use of generative AI and social media on how people tend to search for information. 7273 Collaborative editing Differences between versions of an article are highlighted. Restrictions Due to Wikipedias increasing popularity, some editions, including the English version, have introduced editing restrictions for certain cases. For instance, on the English Wikipedia and some other language editions, only users with 10 edits that have an account that is four days old may create a new article. W 19 On the English Wikipedia, among others, particularly controversial, sensitive, or vandalism-prone pages have been protected to varying degrees. 74 A frequently vandalized article can be semi-protected or extended confirmed protected, meaning that only autoconfirmed or extended confirmed editors can modify it. 75 A particularly contentious article may be locked so that only administrators can make changes. W 20 A 2021 article in the Columbia Journalism Review identified Wikipedias page-protection policies as perhaps the most important means at its disposal to regulate its market of ideas. 76 Wikipedia has delegated some functions to bots. Such algorithmic governance has an ease of implementation and scaling, though the automated rejection of edits may have contributed to a downturn in active Wikipedia editors. 77 Bots must be approved by the community before their tasks are implemented. 78 In certain cases, all editors are allowed to submit modifications, but review is required for some editors, depending on certain conditions. For example, the German Wikipedia maintains stable versions of articles which have passed certain reviews. W 21 Following protracted trials and community discussion, the English Wikipedia introduced the pending changes system in December 2012. 79 Under this system, new and unregistered users edits to certain controversial or vandalism-prone articles are reviewed by established users before they are published. 80 However, restrictions on editing may reduce the editor engagement as well as efforts to diversify the editing community. 81 Articles related to the IsraeliPalestinian conflict are placed under extended-confirmed protection. 82 Editors also can make only one revert per day across the entire field and can be banned from editing related articles. These restrictions were introduced in 2008. 83 In January 2025, the Arbitration Committee introduced the balanced editing restriction, which requires sanctioned users to devote only a third of their edits to articles related to the IsraeliPalestinian conflict even when no misconduct rules have been violated. 8485 Review of changes Wikipedias editing interfaceAlthough changes are not systematically reviewed, Wikipedias software provides tools allowing anyone to review changes made by others. Each articles History page links to each revision. h86 On most articles, anyone can view the latest changes and undo others revisions by clicking a link on the articles History page. Registered users may maintain a watchlist of articles that interest them so they can be notified of changes. W 22 New pages patrol is a process where newly created articles are checked for obvious problems. W 23 In 2003, economics PhD student Andrea Ciffolilli argued that the low transaction costs of participating in a wiki created a catalyst for collaborative development, and that features such as allowing easy access to past versions of a page favored creative construction over creative destruction. 87 Vandalism Main article Vandalism on Wikipedia Any change that deliberately compromises Wikipedias integrity is considered vandalism. The most common and obvious types of vandalism include additions of obscenities and crude humor it can also include advertising and other types of spam. 88 Sometimes editors commit vandalism by removing content or entirely blanking a given page. Less common types of vandalism, such as the deliberate addition of plausible but false information, can be more difficult to detect. Vandals can introduce irrelevant formatting, modify page semantics such as the pages title or categorization, manipulate the articles underlying code, or use images disruptively. W 24 American journalist John Seigenthaler 19272014, subject of the Seigenthaler biography incident Obvious vandalism is generally easy to remove from Wikipedia articles the median time to detect and fix it is a few minutes. 8990 However, some vandalism takes much longer to detect and repair. 91 In the Seigenthaler biography incident, an anonymous editor introduced false information into the biography of American political figure John Seigenthaler in May 2005, falsely presenting him as a suspect in the assassination of John F. 91 It remained uncorrected for four months. 91 Seigenthaler, the founding editorial director of USA Today and founder of the Freedom Forum First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University, called Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales and asked whether he had any way of knowing who contributed the misinformation. Wales said he did not, although the perpetrator was eventually traced. 9293 After the incident, Seigenthaler described Wikipedia as a flawed and irresponsible research tool. 91 The incident led to policy changes at Wikipedia for tightening up the verifiability of biographical articles of living people. 94 Disputes and edit warring Main article Disputes on Wikipedia Wikipedia editors often have disagreements regarding content, which can be discussed on article Talk pages. Disputes may result in repeated competing changes to an article, known as edit warring. W 2595 It is widely seen as a resource-consuming scenario where no useful knowledge is added,96 and criticized as creating a competitive97 and conflict-based editing culture associated with traditional masculine gender roles. 9899 Research has focused on, for example, impoliteness of disputes,100101 the influence of rival editing camps,102103 the conversational structure,104 and the shift in conflicts to a focus on sources. 105106 Taha Yasseri of the University of Oxford examined editing conflicts and their resolution in a 2013 study. 107108 Yasseri contended that simple reverts or undo operations were not the most significant measure of counterproductive work behavior at Wikipedia. He relied instead on mutually reverting edit pairs, where one editor reverts the edit of another editor who then, in sequence, returns to revert the first editor. The results were tabulated for several language versions of Wikipedia. The English Wikipedias three largest conflict rates belonged to the articles George W. 108 By comparison, for the German Wikipedia, the three largest conflict rates at the time of the study were for the articles covering Croatia, Scientology, and 911 conspiracy theories. 108 In 2020, researchers identified other measures of editor behaviors, beyond mutual reverts, to identify editing conflicts across Wikipedia. 106 Editors also debate the deletion of articles on Wikipedia, with roughly 500,000 such debates since Wikipedias inception as of 2019. Once an article is nominated for deletion, the dispute is typically determined by initial votes to keep or delete and by reference to topic-specific notability policies. 109 Policies and content Five pillars of Wikipedia redirects here. For the Wikipedia policy, see WikipediaFive pillars. Other namespaces have a prefix before their page title and fulfill various purposes. For example, the project namespace uses the Wikipedia prefix and is used for self-governance-related discussions. Most readers are not aware of these other namespaces. 110 The fundamental principles of the Wikipedia community are embodied in the Five Pillars, while the detailed editorial principles are expressed in numerous policies and guidelines intended to appropriately shape content. W 26 The five pillars are Wikipedia is an encyclopedia Wikipedia is written from a neutral point of view Wikipedia is free content that anyone can use, edit, and distribute Wikipedias editors should treat each other with respect and civility Wikipedia has no firm rules The rules developed by the community are stored in the Wikipedia namespace, and Wikipedia editors write and revise the websites policies and guidelines in accordance with community consensus. 111 Originally, rules on the non-English editions of Wikipedia were based on a translation of the rules for the English Wikipedia. They have since diverged to some extent. W 21 Content policies and guidelines No original research redirects here. For the Wikipedia policy, see WikipediaNo original research. W 27 A topic should also meet Wikipedias standards of notability, which generally means that the topic has been covered extensively in reliable sources that are independent of the articles subject. 112 Wikipedia intends to convey only knowledge that is already established and recognized and therefore must not present original research. 113 Some subjects, such as politicians and academics, have specialized notability requirements. 112 Finally, Wikipedia must reflect a neutral point of view. This is accomplished through summarizing reliable sources, using impartial language, and ensuring that multiple points of view are presented based on their prominence. Information must also be verifiable. 114 Information without citations may be tagged or removed entirely. 115 This can at times lead to the removal of information which, though valid, is not properly sourced. 116 As Wikipedia policies changed over time, and became more complex, their number has grown. In 2008, there were 44 policy pages and 248 guideline pages by 2013, scholars counted 383 policy pages and 449 guideline pages. 77 Governance Further information WikipediaAdministration Wikipedias initial anarchy integrated democratic and hierarchical elements over time. 117118 An article is not considered to be owned by its creator or any other editor, nor by the subject of the article. W 28 Editors in good standing in the community can request extra user rights, granting them the technical ability to perform certain special actions. Some user rights are granted automatically, such as the autoconfirmed and extended confirmed groups, when thresholds for account age and edits are met. 75 Administrators Main article Wikipedia administrators Experienced editors can choose to run for adminship,119 which includes the ability to delete pages or prevent them from being changed in cases of severe vandalism or editorial disputes. W 29 Administrators are not supposed to enjoy any special privilege in decision-making instead, their powers are mostly limited to making edits that have project-wide effects and thus are disallowed to ordinary editors, and to implement restrictions intended to prevent disruptive editors from making unproductive edits. W 29 By 2012, fewer editors were becoming administrators compared to Wikipedias earlier years, in part because the process of vetting potential administrators had become more rigorous. 40 In 2022, there was a particularly contentious request for adminship over the candidates anti-Trump views ultimately, they were granted adminship. 120 Dispute resolution !vote redirects here. For the entry in Wikipedias internal glossary, see WikipediaGlossary !vote. For the internal essay, see WikipediaPolling is not a substitute for discussion. Over time, Wikipedia has developed a semi-formal dispute resolution process. To determine community consensus, editors can raise issues at appropriate community forums, seek outside input through third opinion requests, or initiate a more general community discussion known as a request for comment,W 25 in which bots add the discussion to a centralized list of discussions, invite editors to participate, and remove the discussion from the list after 30 days. W 30 However, editors have the discretion to close and delist the discussion early or late. If the result of a discussion is not obvious, a closeran uninvolved editor usually in good standingmay render a verdict from the strength of the arguments presented and then the number of arguers on each side. 121 Wikipedians emphasize that the process is not a vote by referring to statements of opinion in such discussions as !votes, in which the exclamation mark is the symbol for logical negation and pronounced not. 122 Wikipedia encourages local resolutions of conflicts, which Jemielniak argues is quite unique in organization studies, though there has been some recent interest in consensus building in the field. 123 Reagle and Sue Gardner argue that the approaches to consensus building are similar to those used by Quakers. 123 62 A difference from Quaker meetings is the absence of a facilitator in the presence of disagreement, a role played by the clerk in Quaker meetings. 123 83 Arbitration Committee Main article Arbitration Committee Wikipedia The Arbitration Committee presides over the ultimate dispute resolution process. Although disputes usually arise from a disagreement between two opposing views on how an article should read, the Arbitration Committee explicitly refuses to directly rule on the specific view that should be adopted. 124 Statistical analyses suggest that the English Wikipedia committee ignores the content of disputes and rather focuses on the way disputes are conducted,125 functioning not so much to resolve disputes and make peace between conflicting editors, but to weed out problematic editors while allowing potentially productive editors back in to participate. 124 Therefore, the committee does not dictate the content of articles, although it sometimes condemns content changes when it deems the new content violates Wikipedia policies for example, if the new content is considered biased. i Commonly used solutions include cautions and probations used in 63 of cases and banning editors from articles 43, subject matters 23, or Wikipedia 16. 124 Complete bans from Wikipedia are generally limited to instances of impersonation and antisocial behavior. W 31 When conduct is not impersonation or anti-social, but rather edit warring and other violations of editing policies, solutions tend to be limited to warnings. 124 Community Main article Wikipedia community Video of Wikimania 2005 an annual conference for users of Wikipedia and other projects operated by the Wikimedia Foundation, was held in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, August 48. Each article and each user of Wikipedia has an associated and dedicated talk page. These form the primary communication channel for editors to discuss, coordinate, and debate. 126 Wikipedias community has been described as cultlike,127 although not always with entirely negative connotations. 128 Its preference for cohesiveness, even if it requires compromise that includes disregard of credentials, has been referred to as anti-elitism. W 32 Wikipedians and British Museum curators collaborate on the article Hoxne Hoard in June 2010. Wikipedia does not require that its editors and contributors provide identification. 129 As Wikipedia grew, Who writes Wikipedia? became one of the questions frequently asked there. 130 Jimmy Wales once argued that only a community . a dedicated group of a few hundred volunteers makes the bulk of contributions to Wikipedia and that the project is therefore much like any traditional organization. 131 Since Wikipedia relies on volunteer labour, editors frequently focus on topics that interest them. 132 The English Wikipedia has 7,183,552 articles, 52,833,702 registered editors, and 275,751 active editors. An editor is considered active if they have made one or more edits in the past 30 days. W 33 Editors who fail to comply with Wikipedia cultural rituals, such as signing talk page comments, may implicitly signal that they are Wikipedia outsiders, increasing the odds that Wikipedia insiders may target or discount their contributions. Becoming a Wikipedia insider involves non-trivial costs the contributor is expected to learn Wikipedia-specific technological codes, submit to a sometimes convoluted dispute resolution process, and learn a baffling culture rich with in-jokes and insider references. 133 Editors who do not log in are in some sense second-class citizens on Wikipedia,133 as participants are accredited by members of the wiki community, who have a vested interest in preserving the quality of the work product, on the basis of their ongoing participation,134 but the contribution histories of anonymous unregistered editors recognized only by their IP addresses cannot be attributed to a particular editor with certainty. 134 New editors often struggle to understand Wikipedias complexity. Experienced editors are encouraged not to bite the newcomers in order to create a more welcoming atmosphere. 135 Research A 2007 study by researchers from Dartmouth College found that anonymous and infrequent contributors to Wikipedia . are as reliable a source of knowledge as those contributors who register with the site. 136 Jimmy Wales stated in 2009 that It turns out over 50 of all the edits are done by just 0. And in fact, the most active 2, which is 1400 people, have done 73. 131 However, Business Insider editor and journalist Henry Blodget showed in 2009 that in a random sample of articles, most Wikipedia content measured by the amount of contributed text that survives to the latest sampled edit is created by outsiders, while most editing and formatting is done by insiders. 137 This method of evaluating contributions was later disputed by Aaron Swartz, who noted that several articles he sampled had large portions of their content measured by number of characters contributed by users with low edit counts. 138 A 2008 study found that Wikipedians were less agreeable, open, and conscientious than others,139 although a later commentary pointed out serious flaws, including that the data showed higher openness and that the differences with the control group and the samples were small. 140 According to a 2009 study, there is evidence of growing resistance from the Wikipedia community to new content. 141 Diversity Several studies have shown that most volunteer Wikipedia contributors are male. The results of a Wikimedia Foundation survey in 2008 showed that only 13 percent of Wikipedia editors were female. 142 Because of this, universities throughout the United States tried to encourage women to become Wikipedia contributors. 143 Similarly, many of these universities, including Yale and Brown, gave college credit to students who create or edit an article relating to women in science or technology. 143 Andrew Lih, a professor and scientist, said that the reason he thought the number of male contributors outnumbered the number of females so greatly was because identifying as a woman may expose oneself to ugly, intimidating behavior. 144 Data has shown that Africans are underrepresented among Wikipedia editors. 145 Language editions Main article List of Wikipedias Distribution of the 67,388,193 articles in different language editions as of May 17, 2026W 34 English 10. 2 There are currently 345 language editions of Wikipedia also called language versions, or simply Wikipedias. As of May 2026, the six largest, in order of article count, are the English, Cebuano, German, French, Swedish, and Dutch Wikipedias. The latter are both languages of the Philippines. In addition to the top six, twelve other Wikipedias have more than a million articles each Spanish, Russian, Italian, Polish, Egyptian Arabic, Chinese, Japanese, Ukrainian, Arabic, Vietnamese, Waray, and Portuguese, seven more have over 500,000 articles Persian, Chechen, Catalan, Indonesian, Korean, Tatar, and Serbian, 44 more have over 100,000, and 82 more have over 10,000. W 36W 35 The largest, the English Wikipedia, has over 7. As of January 2021,update the English Wikipedia receives 48 of Wikipedias cumulative traffic, with the remaining split among the other languages. The top 10 editions represent approximately 85 of the total traffic. W 37 Most viewed editions of Wikipedia, 20082024 Most edited editions of Wikipedia, 20012024 Articles in the 20 largest language editions of Wikipedia as of 17 May 2026146 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 English 7,183,552 Cebuano 6,115,292 German 3,122,430 French 2,758,488 Swedish 2,625,278 Dutch 2,219,384 Spanish 2,113,323 Russian 2,100,846 Italian 1,969,707 Polish 1,695,128 Egyptian Arabic 1,631,687 Chinese 1,535,841 Japanese 1,502,202 Ukrainian 1,421,287 Arabic 1,312,979 Vietnamese 1,301,083 Waray 1,266,903 Portuguese 1,171,872 Persian 1,074,825 Chechen 864,035 Since Wikipedia is based on the Web and therefore worldwide, contributors to the same language edition may use different dialects or may come from different countries as is the case for the English edition. citation needed These differences may lead to some conflicts over spelling differences e. colour versus colorW 38 or points of view. W 39 Though the various language editions are held to global policies such as neutral point of view, they diverge on some points of policy and practice, most notably on whether images that are not licensed freely may be used under a claim of fair use. W 40147 The content of articles on the same subject can differ significantly between languages, depending on the sources editors use and other factors. 148149 Jimmy Wales has described Wikipedia as an effort to create and distribute a free encyclopedia of the highest possible quality to every single person on the planet in their own language. W 41 Though each language edition functions more or less independently, some efforts are made to supervise them all. They are coordinated in part by Meta-Wiki, the Wikimedia Foundations wiki devoted to maintaining all its projects Wikipedia and others. W 42 For instance, Meta-Wiki provides important statistics on all language editions of Wikipedia,W 43 and it maintains a list of articles every Wikipedia should have. W 44 The list concerns basic content by subject biography, history, geography, society, culture, science, technology, and mathematics. W 44 It is not rare for articles strongly related to a particular language not to have counterparts in another edition. W 45 Estimation of contributions shares from different regions in the world to different Wikipedia editions150 Translated articles represent only a small portion of articles in most editions, in part because those editions do not allow fully automated translation of articles. Articles available in more than one language may offer interwiki links, which link to the counterpart articles in other editions. 151W 46 A study published by PLOS One in 2012 also estimated the share of contributions to different editions of Wikipedia from different regions of the world. It reported that the proportion of the edits made from North America was 51 for the English Wikipedia, and 25 for the Simple English Wikipedia. 150 English Wikipedia editor numbers On March 1, 2014, The Economist, in an article titled The Future of Wikipedia, cited a trend analysis concerning data published by the Wikimedia Foundation stating that the number of editors for the English-language version has fallen by a third in seven years. 152 The attrition rate for active editors in English Wikipedia was cited by The Economist as substantially in contrast to statistics for Wikipedia in other languages non-English Wikipedia. The number of active editors in English Wikipedia, by sharp comparison, was cited as peaking in 2007 at approximately 50,000 and dropping to 30,000 by the start of 2014. 152 In contrast, the trend analysis for Wikipedia in other languages non-English Wikipedia shows success in retaining active editors on a renewable and sustained basis, with their numbers remaining relatively constant at approximately 42,000. No comment was made concerning which of the differentiated edit policy standards from Wikipedia in other languages non-English Wikipedia would provide a possible alternative to English Wikipedia for effectively improving substantial editor attrition rates on the English-language Wikipedia. update153123 Critics have stated that Wikipedia exhibits systemic bias. In 2010, columnist and journalist Edwin Black described Wikipedia as being a mixture of truth, half-truth, and some falsehoods. 155156157 Journalists Oliver Kamm and Edwin Black alleged in 2010 and 2011, respectively that articles are dominated by the loudest and most persistent voices, usually by a group with an ax to grind on the topic. 159 In 2020, Omer Benjakob and Stephen Harrison noted that Media coverage of Wikipedia has radically shifted over the past two decades once cast as an intellectual frivolity, it is now lauded as the last bastion of shared reality online. 160 Multiple news networks and pundits have accused Wikipedia of being ideologically biased. In February 2021, Fox News accused Wikipedia of whitewashing communism and socialism and having too much leftist bias. 161 Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger, who left Wikipedia in 2002 to establish competing websites, has said that Wikipedia had become propaganda for the left-leaning establishment and warned the site can no longer be trusted. 162163 In 2022, libertarian John Stossel opined that Wikipedia, a site he financially supported at one time, appeared to have gradually taken a significant turn in bias to the political left, specifically on political topics. 164 Some studies suggest that Wikipedia and in particular the English Wikipedia has a western cultural bias or pro-western bias165 or Eurocentric bias,166 reiterating, says Anna Samoilenko, similar biases that are found in the ivory tower of academic historiography. Carwil Bjork-James proposes that Wikipedia could follow the diversification pattern of contemporary scholarship167 and Dangzhi Zhao calls for a decolonization of Wikipedia to reduce bias from opinionated White male editors. 168 Accuracy of content Main article Reliability of Wikipedia External audio The Great Book of Knowledge, Part 1, Ideas with Paul Kennedy, CBC, January 15, 2014 Articles for traditional encyclopedias such as Encyclopdia Britannica are written by experts, lending such encyclopedias a reputation for accuracy. 170 Others raised similar critiques. 171 The findings by Nature were disputed by Encyclopdia Britannica,172173 and in response, Nature gave a rebuttal of the points raised by Britannica. 174 In addition to the point-for-point disagreement between these two parties, others have examined the sample size and selection method used in the Nature effort, and suggested a flawed study design in Natures manual selection of articles, in part or in whole, for comparison, absence of statistical analysis e. , of reported confidence intervals, and a lack of study statistical power i. , owing to small sample size, 42 or 4 101 articles compared, vs 105 and 106 set sizes for Britannica and the English Wikipedia, respectively. 175 As a consequence of the open structure, Wikipedia makes no guarantee of validity of its content, since no one is ultimately responsible for any claims appearing in it. W 47 Concerns have been raised by PC World in 2009 regarding the lack of accountability that results from users anonymity, the insertion of false information,176 vandalism, and similar problems. Legal Research in a Nutshell 2011, cites Wikipedia as a general source that can be a real boon in coming up to speed in the law governing a situation and, while not authoritative, can provide basic facts as well as leads to more in-depth resources. 177 Economist Tyler Cowen wrote If I had to guess whether Wikipedia or the median refereed journal article on economics was more likely to be true after a not so long think, I would opt for Wikipedia. He comments that some traditional sources of non-fiction suffer from systemic biases, and novel results, in his opinion, are over-reported in journal articles, as well as relevant information being omitted from news reports. However, he also cautions that errors are frequently found on Internet sites and that academics and experts must be vigilant in correcting them. 178 Amy Bruckman has argued that, due to the number of reviewers, the content of a popular Wikipedia page is actually the most reliable form of information ever created. 179 In September 2022, The Sydney Morning Herald journalist Liam Mannix noted that Theres no reason to expect Wikipedia to be accurate . Mannix further discussed the multiple studies that have proved Wikipedia to be generally as reliable as Encyclopdia Britannica, summarizing that . turning our back on such an extraordinary resource is. 180 Critics argue that Wikipedias open nature and a lack of proper sources for most of the information makes it unreliable. 181 Some commentators suggest that Wikipedia may be reliable, but that the reliability of any given article is not clear. 182 Editors of traditional reference works such as the Encyclopdia Britannica have questioned the projects utility and status as an encyclopedia. 183 Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales has claimed that Wikipedia has largely avoided the problem of fake news because the Wikipedia community regularly debates the quality of sources in articles. 184 External videos Inside Wikipedia Attack of the PR Industry, Deutsche Welle, 713 mins185 Wikipedias open structure inherently makes it an easy target for Internet trolls, spammers, and various forms of paid advocacy seen as counterproductive to the maintenance of a neutral and verifiable online encyclopedia. 86W 48 In response to paid advocacy editing and undisclosed editing issues, Wikipedia was reported in an article in The Wall Street Journal to have strengthened its rules and laws against undisclosed editing. Katherine Maher, the nonprofit Wikimedia Foundations chief communications officer, said the changes address a sentiment among volunteer editors that were not an advertising service were an encyclopedia. 186187188189190 These issues, among others, had been parodied since the first decade of Wikipedia, notably by Stephen Colbert on The Colbert Report. 191 Discouragement in education Some university lecturers discourage students from citing any encyclopedia in academic work, preferring primary sources192 some specifically prohibit Wikipedia citations. 193194 Wales stresses that encyclopedias of any type are not usually appropriate to use as citable sources, and should not be relied upon as authoritative. For Gods sake, youre in college dont cite the encyclopedia, he said. 196 In February 2007, an article in The Harvard Crimson newspaper reported that a few of the professors at Harvard University were including Wikipedia articles in their syllabi, although without realizing the articles might change. 197 In June 2007, Michael Gorman, former president of the American Library Association, condemned Wikipedia, along with Google, stating that academics who endorse the use of Wikipedia are the intellectual equivalent of a dietitian who recommends a steady diet of Big Macs with everything. 198 A 2020 research study published in Studies in Higher Education argued that Wikipedia could be applied in the higher education flipped classroom, an educational model in which students learn before coming to class and apply it in classroom activities. The experimental group was instructed to learn before class and get immediate feedback before going in the flipped classroom model, while the control group was given direct instructions in class the conventional classroom model. The groups were then instructed to collaboratively develop Wikipedia entries, which would be graded in quality after the study. The results showed that the experimental group yielded more Wikipedia entries and received higher grades in quality. The study concluded that learning with Wikipedia in flipped classrooms was more effective than in conventional classrooms, demonstrating that Wikipedia could be used as an educational tool in higher education. 199 Medical information See also Health information on Wikipedia On March 5, 2014, Julie Beck, writing for The Atlantic magazine in an article titled Doctors 1 Source for Healthcare Information Wikipedia, stated that Fifty percent of physicians look up conditions on the Wikipedia site, and some are editing articles themselves to improve the quality of available information. 200 Beck continued to detail in this article new programs of Amin Azzam at the University of San Francisco to offer medical school courses to medical students for learning to edit and improve Wikipedia articles on health-related issues, as well as internal quality control programs within Wikipedia organized by James Heilman to improve a group of 200 health-related articles of central medical importance up to Wikipedias highest standard of articles using its Featured Article and Good Article peer-review evaluation process. 200 In a May 7, 2014, follow-up article in The Atlantic titled Can Wikipedia Ever Be a Definitive Medical Text?, Julie Beck quotes WikiProject Medicines James Heilman as stating Just because a reference is peer-reviewed doesnt mean its a high-quality reference. 201 Beck added that Wikipedia has its own peer review process before articles can be classified as good or featured. Heilman, who has participated in that process before, says less than one percent of Wikipedias medical articles have passed. 201 Coverage of topics and systemic bias See also Notability in the English Wikipedia and Criticism of Wikipedia Systemic bias in coverage Wikipedia seeks to create a summary of all human knowledge in the form of an online encyclopedia, with each topic covered encyclopedically in one article. Since it has terabytes of disk space, it can have far more topics than can be covered by any printed encyclopedia. W 49 The exact degree and manner of coverage on Wikipedia is under constant review by its editors, and disagreements are not uncommon see deletionism and inclusionism. 202203 Wikipedia contains materials that some people may find objectionable, offensive, or pornographic. W 50 The Wikipedia is not censored policy has sometimes proved controversial in 2008, Wikipedia rejected an online petition against the inclusion of images of Muhammad in the English edition of its Muhammad article, citing this policy. 204 The presence of politically, religiously, and pornographically sensitive materials in Wikipedia has led to the censorship of Wikipedia by national authorities in China205 and Pakistan,206 among other countries. 207208209 Through its Wikipedia Loves Libraries program, Wikipedia has partnered with major public libraries such as the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts to expand its coverage of underrepresented subjects and articles. 210 A 2011 study conducted by researchers at the University of Minnesota indicated that male and female editors focus on different coverage topics. There was a greater concentration of females in the people and arts category, while males focus more on geography and science. 211 An editorial in The Guardian in 2014 claimed that more effort went into providing references for a list of female porn actors than a list of women writers. 212 Systemic biases Wikipedias policies may limit its capacity for truly representing global knowledge. For example, Wikipedia only considers published sources to be reliable. Oral knowledge of Indigenous cultures is not always reflected in print. Marginalized topics are also more likely to lack significant coverage in reliable sources. Wikipedias content is therefore limited as a result of larger systemic biases. 213 Academic studies of Wikipedia have shown that the average contributor to the English Wikipedia is an educated, technically inclined white male, aged 1549, from a developed, predominantly Christian country. 214 The corresponding point of view POV is over-represented. 215167 This systemic bias in editor demographic results in cultural bias, gender bias, and geographical bias on Wikipedia. 216217 There are two broad types of bias, which are implicit when a topic is omitted and explicit when a certain POV is over-represented in an article or by references. 215 Interdisciplinary scholarly assessments of Wikipedia articles have found that while articles are typically accurate and free of misinformation, they are also typically incomplete and fail to present all perspectives with a neutral point of view. 216 In 2011, Wales claimed that the unevenness of coverage is a reflection of the demography of the editors, citing for example biographies of famous women through history and issues surrounding early childcare. 38 The October 22, 2013, essay by Tom Simonite in MITs Technology Review titled The Decline of Wikipedia discussed the effect of systemic bias and policy creep on the downward trend in the number of editors. 39 Research conducted by Mark Graham of the Oxford Internet Institute in 2009 indicated that the geographic distribution of article topics is highly uneven, with Africa being the most underrepresented. 218 Across 30 language editions of Wikipedia, historical articles and sections are generally Eurocentric and focused on recent events. 219 Explicit content See also Internet Watch Foundation and Wikipedia and Reporting of child pornography images on Wikimedia Commons For the government censorship of Wikipedia, see Censorship of Wikipedia. 220 Articles depicting what some critics have called objectionable content such as feces, cadaver, human penis, vulva, and nudity contain graphic pictures and detailed information easily available to anyone with access to the internet, including children. W 51 The site also includes sexual content such as images and videos of masturbation and ejaculation, illustrations of zoophilia, and photos from hardcore pornographic films in its articles. It also has non-sexual photographs of nude children. The original release cover caused controversy and was replaced in some countries. In December 2008, access to the Wikipedia article Virgin Killer was blocked for four days by most Internet service providers in the United Kingdom after the Internet Watch Foundation IWF decided the album cover was a potentially illegal indecent image and added the articles URL to a blacklist it supplies to British internet service providers. 221 In April 2010, Sanger wrote a letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, outlining his concerns that two categories of images on Wikimedia Commons contained child pornography, and were in violation of US federal obscenity law. 224 That law bans photographic child pornography and cartoon images and drawings of children that are obscene under American law. 225 Wikimedia Foundation spokesman Jay Walsh strongly rejected Sangers accusation,226 saying that Wikipedia did not have material we would deem to be illegal. 226 Following the complaint by Sanger, Wales deleted sexual images without consulting the community. After volunteer editors argued that the decision was made hastily, Wales voluntarily gave up some powers he had held up as part of his co-founder status. 227 Critics, including Wikipediocracy, noticed that many of the pornographic images deleted from Wikipedia since 2010 have reappeared. 229j It is a battle between the right to be anonymous in cyberspace and the right to be anonymous in real life. W 53 In January 2006, a German court ordered the German Wikipedia shut down within Germany because it stated the full name of Boris Floricic, aka Tron, a deceased hacker. 230 Wikipedia has a Volunteer Response Team that uses Znuny, a free and open-source software fork of OTRSW 54 to handle queries without having to reveal the identities of the involved parties. This is used, for example, in confirming the permission for using individual images and other media in the project. W 55 In late April 2023, the Wikimedia Foundation announced that Wikipedia will not submit to any age verifications that may be required by the UKs Online Safety Bill legislation. Rebecca MacKinnon of the Wikimedia Foundation said that such checks would run counter to the websites commitment to minimal data collection on its contributors and readers. 231 Sexism Main article Gender bias on Wikipedia Wikipedia was described in 2015 as harboring a battleground culture of sexism and harassment. 232233 The perceived tolerance of abusive language was a reason put forth in 2013 for the gender gap in Wikipedia editorship. 234 Edit-a-thons have been held to encourage female editors and increase the coverage of womens topics. W 56236 Five months later, Strickland won a Nobel Prize in Physics for groundbreaking inventions in the field of laser physics, becoming the third woman to ever receive the award. 236 Her exclusion from Wikipedia led to accusations of sexism, but Corinne Purtill writing for Quartz argued that its also a pointed lesson in the hazards of gender bias in media, and of the broader consequences of underrepresentation. 238 Purtill attributes the issue to the gender bias in media coverage. 238 A comprehensive 2008 survey, published in 2016, by Julia B. Bear of Stony Brook Universitys College of Business and Benjamin Collier of Carnegie Mellon University found significant gender differences in confidence in expertise, discomfort with editing, and response to critical feedback. Women reported less confidence in their expertise, expressed greater discomfort with editing which typically involves conflict, and reported more negative responses to critical feedback compared to men. 239 Nine Theses Nine Theses refers to a reform proposal published by Larry Sanger in October 2025. Sangers Nine Theses on Wikipedia presents a critical assessment and reform agenda for Wikipedia. The proposal is part of his broader effort to address what Sanger perceives as systemic issues within Wikipedia, which include, ideological bias, lack of transparency in the editor hierarchies, and an ineffective consensus-based decision-making procedure. 240241 Operation Wikimedia Foundation and affiliate movements Main article Wikimedia Foundation Sue Gardner, first executive director, in 2013 at Wikimania Wikipedia is hosted and funded by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization which also operates Wikipedia-related projects such as Wiktionary and Wikibooks. W 57 The foundation relies on public contributions and grants to fund its mission. 242W 58 The foundations 2020 Internal Revenue Service Form 990 shows revenue of 124. 6 million and expenses of almost 112. 2 million and liabilities of almost 11 million. W 59 In May 2014, Wikimedia Foundation named Lila Tretikov as its second executive director, taking over for Sue Gardner. W 60 The Wall Street Journal reported on May 1, 2014, that Tretikovs information technology background, from her years at University of California offers Wikipedia an opportunity to develop in more concentrated directions guided by her often repeated position statement that, Information, like air, wants to be free. 243244 The same Wall Street Journal article reported these directions of development according to an interview with spokesman Jay Walsh of Wikimedia, who said Tretikov would address that issue paid advocacy as a priority. We are really pushing toward more transparency . We are reinforcing that paid advocacy is not welcome. Initiatives to involve greater diversity of contributors, better mobile support of Wikipedia, new geo-location tools to find local content more easily, and more tools for users in the second and third world are also priorities, Walsh said. 243 Following the departure of Tretikov from Wikipedia due to issues concerning the use of the superprotection feature which some language versions of Wikipedia have adopted,W 61 Katherine Maher became the third executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation in June 2016. W 62 Maher stated that one of her priorities would be the issue of editor harassment endemic to Wikipedia as identified by the Wikipedia board in December. She said to Bloomberg Businessweek regarding the harassment issue that It establishes a sense within the community that this is a priority . and that correction requires that it has to be more than words. 144 Maher served as executive director until April 2021. 245 Maryana Iskander was named the incoming CEO in September 2021, and took over that role in January 2022. She stated that one of her focuses would be increasing diversity in the Wikimedia community. 246 Iskander served until January 2026, when Bernadette Meehan took over as CEO. Wikipedia is also supported by many organizations and groups that are affiliated with the Wikimedia Foundation but independently run, called Wikimedia movement affiliates. These include Wikimedia chapters which are national or sub-national organizations, such as Wikimedia Deutschland and Wikimedia France, thematic organizations such as Amical Wikimedia for the Catalan language community, and user groups. These affiliates participate in the promotion, development, and funding of Wikipedia. W 63 Software operations and support See also MediaWiki The operation of Wikipedia depends on MediaWiki, a custom-made, free and open source wiki software platform written in PHP and built upon the MySQL database system. W 64 The software incorporates programming features such as a macro language, variables, a transclusion system for templates, and URL redirection. W 65 MediaWiki is licensed under the GNU General Public License GPL and it is used by all Wikimedia projects, as well as many other wiki projects. W 64W 66 Originally, Wikipedia ran on UseModWiki written in Perl by Clifford Adams Phase I, which initially required CamelCase for article hyperlinks the present double bracket style was incorporated later. W 67 Starting in January 2002 Phase II, Wikipedia began running on a PHP wiki engine with a MySQL database this software was custom-made for Wikipedia by Magnus Manske. The Phase II software was repeatedly modified to accommodate the exponentially increasing demand. In July 2002 Phase III, Wikipedia shifted to the third-generation software, MediaWiki, originally written by Lee Daniel Crocker. Several MediaWiki extensions are installed to extend the functionality of the MediaWiki software. W 68 In April 2005, a Lucene extensionW 69W 70 was added to MediaWikis built-in search and Wikipedia switched from MySQL to Lucene for searching. Lucene was later replaced by CirrusSearch which is based on Elasticsearch. W 71 In July 2013, after extensive beta testing, a WYSIWYG What You See Is What You Get extension, VisualEditor, was opened to public use. 247248249 It was met with much rejection and criticism, and was described as slow and buggy. 250 The feature was changed from opt-out to opt-in afterward. W 72 Automated editing Main article Wikipedia bots Computer programs called bots have often been used to perform simple and repetitive tasks, such as correcting common misspellings and stylistic issues, or to start articles such as geography entries in a standard format from statistical data. W 73251252 One controversial contributor, Sverker Johansson, created articles with his bot Lsjbot, which was reported to create up to 10,000 articles on the Swedish Wikipedia on certain days. 253 Additionally, there are bots designed to automatically notify editors when they make common editing errors such as unmatched quotes or unmatched parentheses. W 74 Edits falsely identified by bots as the work of a banned editor can be restored by other editors. An anti-vandal bot is programmed to detect and revert vandalism quickly. 251 Bots are able to indicate edits from particular accounts or IP address ranges, as occurred at the time of the shooting down of the MH17 jet in July 2014 when it was reported that edits were made via IPs controlled by the Russian government. 254 Bots on Wikipedia must be approved before activation. W 75 According to Andrew Lih, the current expansion of Wikipedia to millions of articles would be difficult to envision without the use of such bots. 255 In March 2026, an AI agent, Tom, edited Wikipedia under the account TomWikiAssist. The account was blocked for being an unapproved bot. 256 Hardware operations and support Overview of system architecture as of August 2022update As of 2021,update page requests are first passed to a front-end layer of Varnish caching servers and back-end layer caching is done by Apache Traffic Server. W 76 Requests that cannot be served from the Varnish cache are sent to load-balancing servers running the Linux Virtual Server software, which in turn pass them to one of the Apache web servers for page rendering from the database. W 76 The web servers deliver pages as requested, performing page rendering for all the language editions of Wikipedia. To increase speed further, rendered pages are cached in a distributed memory cache until invalidated, allowing page rendering to be skipped entirely for the most common page accesses. 257 Wikipedia currently runs on dedicated clusters of Linux servers running the Debian operating system. W 77 By January 22, 2013, Wikipedia had migrated its primary data center to an Equinix facility in Ashburn, Virginia. W 78258 A second application data center was created in 2014 in Carrollton, Texas, to improve Wikipedias reliability. 259260 Both datacenters work as the primary one, in alternate semesters, with the other one working as secondary datacenter. 261 In 2017, Wikipedia installed a caching cluster in an Equinix facility in Singapore, the first of its kind in Asia. W 79 In 2022, a caching data center was opened in Marseille, France. W 80 In 2024, a caching data center was opened in So Paulo, the first of its kind in South America. W 81 As of November 2024,update caching clusters are located in Amsterdam, San Francisco, Singapore, Marseille, and So Paulo. W 82W 83 Internal research and operational development Following growing amounts of incoming donations in 2013 exceeding seven digits,39 the Foundation has reached a threshold of assets which qualify its consideration under the principles of industrial organization economics to indicate the need for the re-investment of donations into the internal research and development of the Foundation. 262 Two projects of such internal research and development have been the creation of a Visual Editor and the Thank tab in the edit history, which were developed to improve issues of editor attrition. 39250 The estimates for reinvestment by industrial organizations into internal research and development was studied by Adam Jaffe, who recorded that the range of 4 to 25 annually was to be recommended, with high-end technology requiring the higher level of support for internal reinvestment. 263 At the 2013 level of contributions for Wikimedia presently documented as 45 million dollars,W 84 the computed budget level recommended by Jaffe for reinvestment into internal research and development is between 1. 263 In 2019, the level of contributions were reported by the Wikimedia Foundation as being at 120 million annually,W 85 updating the Jaffe estimates for the higher level of support to between 3. 263 Internal news publications Main article The Signpost Multiple Wikimedia projects have internal news publications. Wikimedias online newspaper The Signpost was founded in 2005 by Michael Snow, a Wikipedia administrator who would join the Wikimedia Foundations board of trustees in 2008. 264265 The publication covers news and events from the English Wikipedia, the Wikimedia Foundation, and Wikipedias sister projects. W 86 The Wikipedia Library For information for Wikipedia editors, see WikipediaThe Wikipedia Library. Logo of the Wikipedia Library Wikipedia editors sometimes struggle to access paywalled sources needed to improve a subject. 266 The Wikipedia Library is a resource for Wikipedia editors which provides free access to a wide range of digital publications, so that they can consult and cite these while editing the encyclopedia. 267268 Over 60 publishers have partnered with The Wikipedia Library to provide access to their resources when ICE Publishing joined in 2020, a spokesman said By enabling free access to our content for Wikipedia editors, we hope to further the research communitys resources creating and updating Wikipedia entries on civil engineering which are read by thousands of monthly readers. 269 Access to content Accessing Wikipedia redirects here. For our accessibility guidelines, see WikipediaManual of StyleAccessibility. Content licensing When the project was started in 2001, all text in Wikipedia was covered by the GNU Free Documentation License GFDL, a copyleft license permitting the redistribution, creation of derivative works, and commercial use of content while authors retain copyright of their work. W 87 The GFDL was created for software manuals that come with free software programs licensed under the GPL. This made it a poor choice for a general reference work for example, the GFDL requires the reprints of materials from Wikipedia to come with a full copy of the GFDL text. 270 In December 2002, the Creative Commons license was released it was specifically designed for creative works in general, not just for software manuals. The Wikipedia project sought the switch to the Creative Commons. W 88 Because the GFDL and Creative Commons were incompatible, in November 2008, following the request of the project, the Free Software Foundation FSF released a new version of the GFDL designed specifically to allow Wikipedia to relicense its content to CC BY-SA by August 1, 2009. W 89 In April 2009, Wikipedia and its sister projects held a community-wide referendum, which decided the switch in June 2009. W 90W 91W 92W 93 The handling of media files e. , image files varies across language editions. Media files covered by free content licenses e. Creative Commons CC BY-SA are shared across language editions via Wikimedia Commons repository, a project operated by the Wikimedia Foundation. W 95 Wikipedias accommodation of varying international copyright laws regarding images has led some to observe that its photographic coverage of topics lags behind the quality of the encyclopedic text. 271 The Wikimedia Foundation is not a licensor of content on Wikipedia or its related projects but merely a hosting service for contributors to and licensors of Wikipedia, a position which was successfully defended in 2004 in a court in France. 272273 Methods of access Since Wikipedia content is distributed under an open license, anyone can reuse or redistribute it at no charge. W 96 The content of Wikipedia has been published in many forms, both online and offline, outside the Wikipedia website. Thousands of mirror sites exist that republish content from Wikipedia two prominent ones that also include content from other reference sources are Reference. 274275 Another example is Wapedia, which began to display Wikipedia content in a mobile-device-friendly format before Wikipedia itself did. W 97 Some web search engines make special use of Wikipedia content when displaying search results examples include Microsoft Bing via technology gained from Powerset276 and DuckDuckGo. Collections of Wikipedia articles have been published on optical discs. W 98 The Polish-language version from 2006 contains nearly 240,000 articles,W 99 the German-language version from 20072008 contains over 620,000 articles,W 100 and the Spanish-language version from 2011 contains 886,000 articles. W 101 Additionally, Wikipedia for Schools, the Wikipedia series of CDs DVDs produced by Wikipedia and SOS Children, is a free selection from Wikipedia designed for education towards children aged eight to seventeen. W 102 There have been efforts to put a select subset of Wikipedias articles into printed book form. 277W 103 Since 2009, tens of thousands of print-on-demand books that reproduced English, German, Russian, and French Wikipedia articles have been produced by the American company Books LLC and by three Mauritian subsidiaries of the German publisher VDM. 278 The website DBpedia, begun in 2007, extracts data from the infoboxes and category declarations of the English-language Wikipedia. 279 Wikimedia has created the Wikidata project with a similar objective of storing the basic facts from each page of Wikipedia and other Wikimedia Foundation projects and make it available in a queryable semantic format, RDF. W 104 As of February 2023,update it has over 101 million items. W 105 WikiReader is a dedicated reader device that contains an offline copy of Wikipedia, which was launched by OpenMoko and first released in 2009. W 106 Obtaining the full contents of Wikipedia for reuse presents challenges, since direct cloning via a web crawler is discouraged. W 107 Wikipedia publishes dumps of its contents, but these are text-only as of 2023,update there is no dump available of Wikipedias images. W 108 Wikimedia Enterprise is a for-profit solution to this. 280 Several languages of Wikipedia also maintain a reference desk, where volunteers answer questions from the general public. According to a study by Pnina Shachaf in the Journal of Documentation, the quality of the Wikipedia reference desk is comparable to a standard library reference desk, with an accuracy of 55 percent. 281 Mobile access See also List of Wikipedia mobile applications and HelpMobile access A mobile version showing the English Wikipedias Main Page on October 2, 2024 Wikipedia page views by platform Wikipedias original medium was for users to read and edit content using any standard web browser through a fixed Internet connection. Although Wikipedia content has been accessible through the mobile web since July 2013, The New York Times on February 9, 2014, quoted Erik Mller, deputy director of the Wikimedia Foundation, stating that the transition of internet traffic from desktops to mobile devices was significant and a cause for concern and worry. The article in The New York Times reported the comparison statistics for mobile edits stating that, Only 20 percent of the readership of the English-language Wikipedia comes via mobile devices, a figure substantially lower than the percentage of mobile traffic for other media sites, many of which approach 50 percent. And the shift to mobile editing has lagged even more. In 2014 The New York Times reported that Mller has assigned a team of 10 software developers focused on mobile, out of a total of approximately 200 employees working at the Wikimedia Foundation. One principal concern cited by The New York Times for the worry is for Wikipedia to effectively address attrition issues with the number of editors which the online encyclopedia attracts to edit and maintain its content in a mobile access environment. 53 By 2023, the Wikimedia Foundations staff had grown to over 700 employees. 1 Access to Wikipedia from mobile phones was possible as early as 2004, through the Wireless Application Protocol WAP, via the Wapedia service. W 97 In June 2007, Wikipedia launched en. org, an official website for wireless devices. In 2009, a newer mobile service was officially released, located at en. org, which caters to more advanced mobile devices such as the iPhone, Android-based devices, or WebOS-based devices. W 109 Several other methods of mobile access to Wikipedia have emerged since. Many devices and applications optimize or enhance the display of Wikipedia content for mobile devices, while some also incorporate additional features such as use of Wikipedia metadata like geoinformation. 282283 The Android app for Wikipedia was released in January 2012, to over 500,000 installs and generally positive reviews, scoring over four of a possible five in a poll of approximately 200,000 users downloading from Google. W 110W 111 The version for iOS was released on April 3, 2013, to similar reviews. W 112 Wikipedia Zero was an initiative of the Wikimedia Foundation to expand the reach of the encyclopedia to the developing countries by partnering with mobile operators to allow free access. W 113284 It was discontinued in February 2018 due to lack of participation from mobile operators. W 113 Andrew Lih and Andrew Brown both maintain that editing Wikipedia with smartphones is difficult, and this discourages new potential contributors. 285286 Lih states that the number of Wikipedia editors has been declining after several years,285 and Tom Simonite of MIT Technology Review claims the bureaucratic structure and rules are a factor in this. Simonite alleges some Wikipedians use the labyrinthine rules and guidelines to dominate others and those editors have a vested interest in keeping the status quo. 39 Lih alleges there is a serious disagreement among existing contributors on how to resolve this. Lih fears for Wikipedias long-term future while Brown fears problems with Wikipedia will remain, and rival encyclopedias will not replace it. 285286 Chinese access Access to Wikipedia has been blocked in mainland China since May 2015. 6287288 This was done after Wikipedia started to use HTTPS encryption, which made selective censorship more difficult. 289 Cultural influence Trusted source to combat fake news In 201718, after a barrage of false news reports, both Facebook and YouTube announced they would rely on Wikipedia to help their users evaluate reports and reject false news. 290291 Noam Cohen, writing in The Washington Post states, YouTubes reliance on Wikipedia to set the record straight builds on the thinking of another fact-challenged platform, the Facebook social network, which announced last year that Wikipedia would help its users root out fake news. 291292 Readership In February 2014, The New York Times reported that Wikipedia was ranked fifth globally among all websites, stating With 18 billion page views and nearly 500 million unique visitors a month, . Wikipedia trails just Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and Google, the largest with 1. 53 However, its ranking dropped to 13th globally by June 2020 due mostly to a rise in popularity of Chinese websites for online shopping. 45 The website has since recovered its ranking as of April 2022. 45 In addition to logistic growth in the number of its articles,W 114 Wikipedia has steadily gained status as a general reference website since its inception in 2001. 293 The number of readers of Wikipedia worldwide reached 365 million at the end of 2009. W 115 The Pew Internet and American Life project found that one third of US Internet users consulted Wikipedia. 294 In 2011, Business Insider gave Wikipedia a valuation of 4 billion if it ran advertisements. 295 According to Wikipedia Readership Survey 2011, the average age of Wikipedia readers is 36, with a rough parity between genders. Almost half of Wikipedia readers visit the site more than five times a month, and a similar number of readers specifically look for Wikipedia in search engine results. W 116 As of February 2023,update Wikipedia attracts around 2 billion unique devices monthly, with the English Wikipedia receiving 10 billion pageviews each month. W 1 COVID-19 pandemic Main article Wikipedia and the COVID-19 pandemic During the COVID-19 pandemic, Wikipedias coverage of the pandemic and fight against misinformation received international media attention, and brought an increase in Wikipedia readership overall. 296297298299 Noam Cohen wrote in Wired that Wikipedias effort to combat misinformation related to the pandemic was different from other major websites, opining, Unless Twitter, Facebook and the others can learn to address misinformation more effectively, Wikipedia will remain the last best place on the Internet. 297 In October 2020, the World Health Organization announced they were freely licensing its infographics and other materials on Wikimedia projects. 300 There were nearly 7,000 COVID-19 related Wikipedia articles across 188 different Wikipedias, as of November 2021. update301302 Cultural significance Main article Wikipedia in culture Wikipedia Monument in Subice, Poland, by Mihran Hakobyan 2014 Wikipedias content has also been used in academic studies, books, conferences, and court cases. W 117303304 The Parliament of Canadas website refers to Wikipedias article on same-sex marriage in the related links section of its further reading list for the Civil Marriage Act. 305 The encyclopedias assertions are increasingly used as a source by organizations such as the US federal courts and the World Intellectual Property Organization306though mainly for supporting information rather than information decisive to a case. 307 Content appearing on Wikipedia has also been cited as a source and referenced in some US intelligence agency reports. 308 In December 2008, the scientific journal RNA Biology launched a new section for descriptions of families of RNA molecules and requires authors who contribute to the section to also submit a draft article on the RNA family for publication in Wikipedia. 309 Wikipedia has also been used as a source in journalism,310311 often without attribution, and several reporters have been dismissed for plagiarizing from Wikipedia. 312313314315 In 2006, Time magazine recognized Wikipedias participation along with YouTube, Reddit, MySpace, and Facebook in the rapid growth of online collaboration and interaction by millions of people worldwide. 316 On September 16, 2007, The Washington Post reported that Wikipedia had become a focal point in the 2008 US election campaign, saying Type a candidates name into Google, and among the first results is a Wikipedia page, making those entries arguably as important as any ad in defining a candidate. Already, the presidential entries are being edited, dissected and debated countless times each day. 317 An October 2007 Reuters article, titled Wikipedia page the latest status symbol, reported the recent phenomenon of how having a Wikipedia article vindicates ones notability. He said that the lack of such freedom forced Wikipedia, the seventh most consulted website, to forbid all images of modern Italian buildings and art, and claimed this was hugely damaging to tourist revenues. 319 Wikipedia, an introduction Erasmus Prize 2015 Jimmy Wales accepts the 2008 Quadriga A Mission of Enlightenment award on behalf of Wikipedia. A working group led by Peter Stone formed as a part of the Stanford-based project One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence in its report called Wikipedia the best-known example of crowdsourcing . that far exceeds traditionally-compiled information sources, such as encyclopedias and dictionaries, in scale and depth. 320321 In a 2017 opinion piece for Wired, Hossein Derakhshan describes Wikipedia as one of the last remaining pillars of the open and decentralized web and contrasted its existence as a text-based source of knowledge with social media and social networking services, the latter having since colonized the web for televisions values. For Derakhshan, Wikipedias goal as an encyclopedia represents the Age of Enlightenment tradition of rationality triumphing over emotions, a trend which he considers endangered due to the gradual shift from a typographic culture to a photographic one, which in turn means a shift from rationality to emotions, exposition to entertainment. dare to know, social networks have led to a culture of dare not to care to know. This is while Wikipedia faces a more concerning problem than funding, namely a flattening growth rate in the number of contributors to the website. Consequently, the challenge for Wikipedia and those who use it is to save Wikipedia and its promise of a free and open collection of all human knowledge amid the conquest of new and old televisionhow to collect and preserve knowledge when nobody cares to know. 322 Awards Wikipedia team visiting the Parliament of Asturias Wikipedians meeting after the 2015 Asturias awards ceremony Wikipedia has won many awards, receiving its first two major awards in May 2004. W 118 The first was a Golden Nica for Digital Communities of the annual Prix Ars Electronica contest this came with a 10,000 6,588 12,700 grant and an invitation to present at the PAE Cyberarts Festival in Austria later that year. The second was a Judges Webby Award for the community category. 323 In September 2008, Wikipedia received Quadriga A Mission of Enlightenment award of Werkstatt Deutschland along with Boris Tadi, Eckart Hfling, and Peter Gabriel. The award was presented to Wales by David Weinberger. 324 In 2015, Wikipedia was awarded both the annual Erasmus Prize, which recognizes exceptional contributions to culture, society or social sciences,325 and the Spanish Princess of Asturias Award on International Cooperation. 326 Speaking at the Asturian Parliament in Oviedo, the city that hosts the awards ceremony, Jimmy Wales praised the work of the Asturian Wikipedia users. 327 Satire See also CategoryParodies of Wikipedia Comedian Stephen Colbert has parodied or referenced Wikipedia on numerous episodes of his show The Colbert Report and coined the related term wikiality, meaning together we can create a reality that we all agree onthe reality we just agreed on. 191 Another example can be found in Wikipedia Celebrates 750 Years of American Independence, a July 2006 front-page article in The Onion,328 as well as the 2010 The Onion article L. Law Wikipedia Page Viewed 874 Times Today. 329 In an April 2007 episode of the American television comedy The Office, office manager Michael Scott is shown relying on a hypothetical Wikipedia article for information on negotiation tactics to assist him in negotiating lesser pay for an employee. 330 Viewers of the show tried to add the episodes mention of the page as a section of the actual Wikipedia article on negotiation, but this effort was prevented by other users on the articles talk page. 331 My Number One Doctor, a 2007 episode of the television show Scrubs, played on the perception that Wikipedia is an unreliable reference tool with a scene in which Perry Cox reacts to a patient who says that a Wikipedia article indicates that the raw food diet reverses the effects of bone cancer by retorting that the same editor who wrote that article also wrote the Battlestar Galactica episode guide. 332 In 2008, the comedy website CollegeHumor produced a video sketch named Professor Wikipedia, in which the fictitious Professor Wikipedia instructs a class with a medley of unverifiable and occasionally absurd statements. 333 The Dilbert comic strip from May 8, 2009, features a character supporting an improbable claim by saying Give me ten minutes and then check Wikipedia. 334 In July 2009, BBC Radio 4 broadcast a comedy series called Bigipedia, which was set on a website which was a parody of Wikipedia. 335 Some of the sketches were directly inspired by Wikipedia and its articles. 336 On August 23, 2013, the New Yorker website published a cartoon with this caption Dammit, Manning, have you considered the pronoun war that this is going to start on your Wikipedia page?337 The cartoon referred to Chelsea Elizabeth Manning born Bradley Edward Manning, an American activist, politician, and former United States Army soldier who had recently come out as a trans woman. com published a fictional Wikipedia Talk page under the title Plastic-eating fungus caused doomsday by Emma Burnett. The Talk page concerned a fictional article describing the unintended consequences of the release of a plastic-eating fungus to clean up an oil spill. The article contained Talk page topics found on Wikipedia, like discussions of changes in the articles priority level. 339 Publishing A group of Wikimedians of the Wikimedia DC chapter at the 2013 DC Wikimedia annual meeting standing in front of the Encyclopdia Britannica back left at the US National Archives The most obvious economic effect of Wikipedia has been the death of commercial encyclopedias, especially printed versions like Encyclopdia Britannica, which were unable to compete with a free alternative. 340341342 Nicholas Carrs 2005 essay The amorality of Web 2. 0 criticizes websites with user-generated content like Wikipedia for possibly leading to professional and, in his view, superior content producers going out of business, because free trumps quality all the time. Carr wrote, Implicit in the ecstatic visions of Web 2. 0 is the hegemony of the amateur. I for one cant imagine anything more frightening. 343 Others dispute the notion that Wikipedia, or similar efforts, will entirely displace traditional publications. Chris Anderson, the former editor-in-chief of Wired, wrote in Nature that the wisdom of crowds approach of Wikipedia will not displace top scientific journals with rigorous peer review processes. 344 Wikipedias influence on the biography publishing business has been a concern for some. Book publishing data tracker Nielsen BookScan stated in 2013 that biography sales were dropping far more sharply. 345 Kathryn Hughes, professor of life writing at the University of East Anglia and author of two biographies wrote, The worry is that, if you can get all that information from Wikipedia, whats left for biography?345 Research use Wikipedia has been widely used as a corpus for linguistic research in computational linguistics, information retrieval and natural language processing. 346347 In particular, it commonly serves as a target knowledge base for the entity linking problem, which is then called wikification,348 and to the related problem of word-sense disambiguation. 349 Methods similar to wikification can in turn be used to find missing links in Wikipedia. 350 In 2015, French researchers Jos Lages of the University of Franche-Comt in Besanon and Dima Shepelyansky of Paul Sabatier University in Toulouse published a global university ranking based on Wikipedia scholarly citations. 351352353 They used PageRank, CheiRank and similar algorithms followed by the number of appearances in the 24 different language editions of Wikipedia descending order and the century in which they were founded ascending order. 353354 The study was updated in 2019. 355 In December 2015, John Julius Norwich stated, in a letter published in The Times newspaper, that as a historian he resorted to Wikipedia at least a dozen times a day, and had never caught it out. He described it as a work of reference as useful as any in existence, with so wide a range that it is almost impossible to find a person, place, or thing that it has left uncovered and that he could never have written his last two books without it. 356 A 2017 MIT study suggests that words used in Wikipedia articles end up in scientific publications. 357 Studies related to Wikipedia have been using machine learning and artificial intelligence321 to support various operations. One of the most important areas is the automatic detection of vandalism358359 and data quality assessment in Wikipedia. 360361 Related projects Several interactive multimedia encyclopedias incorporating entries written by the public existed long before Wikipedia was founded. The first of these was the 1986 BBC Domesday Project, which included text entered on BBC Micro computers and photographs from more than a million contributors in the UK, and covered the geography, art, and culture of the UK. This was the first interactive multimedia encyclopedia and was also the first major multimedia document connected through internal links, with the majority of articles being accessible through an interactive map of the UK. The user interface and part of the content of the Domesday Project were emulated on a website until 2008. 362 Several free-content, collaborative encyclopedias were created around the same period as Wikipedia e. Everything2,363 with many later being merged into the project e. W 119 One of the most successful early online encyclopedias incorporating entries by the public was h2g2, which was created by Douglas Adams in 1999. The h2g2 encyclopedia is relatively lighthearted, focusing on articles which are both witty and informative. 364 Subsequent collaborative knowledge websites have drawn inspiration from Wikipedia. Others use more traditional peer review, such as Encyclopedia of Life and the online wiki encyclopedias Scholarpedia and Citizendium. 365366 The latter was started by Sanger in an attempt to create a reliable alternative to Wikipedia. For example, there is an edition in English and an edition in Simple English, different editions of Belarusan using the Narkamaka and Tarakievica orthographies, different editions of Norwegian using the Nynorsk and Bokml orthographies, etc. Additionally, there are 16 closed editions of Wikipedia, in languages for which there are not enough speakers for sustainment for example, Marshallese and Akan. Four editions were outright deleted examples include the Moldovian Wikipedia and the Siberian Wikipedia For some nearly extinct languages, such as the Manchu language, no Wikipedia editions have ever been created. Registration is required for certain tasks, such as editing protected pages, creating pages on the English Wikipedia, and uploading files. Most text is also dual-licensed under GFDL media licensing varies. Pronounced wkpidi WIK-ih-PEE-dee- or wki- WIK-ee-PEE-dee- in English Available as an archive at the Nostalgia Wikipedia As of April 2026, the Haitian Creole Wikipedia, with 72K articles, is in 91st place when ranked by number of articles. Revisions with libelous content, criminal threats, or copyright infringements may be removed completely. The committee may directly rule that a content change is inappropriate, but may not directly rule that certain content is inappropriate. See Libel by David McHam for the legal distinction. References Footnotes a b Seitz-Gruwell, Lisa October 23, 2023. 7 reasons you should donate to Wikipedia. Archived from the original on October 8, 2024. a b Wikipedia is 20, and its reputation has never been higher. Archived from the original on January 7, 2021. Archived from the original on October 12, 2022. Archived from the original on June 5, 2020. Archived from the original on December 2, 2022. a b Skipper, Ben December 7, 2015. Chinas government has blocked Wikipedia in its entirety again. International Business Times UK. Archived from the original on May 3, 2018. Archived from the original on November 9, 2020. Wikipedias view of the world is written by the west. Archived from the original on January 1, 2023. Cooke, Richard February 17, 2020. Wikipedia Is the Last Best Place on the Internet. Archived from the original on December 17, 2022. Kelly, Samantha Murphy May 20, 2022. Meet the Wikipedia editor who published the Buffalo shooting entry minutes after it started. Archived from the original on October 12, 2022. McNamee, Kai September 15, 2022. Fastest was in the West Inside Wikipedias race to cover the queens death. Archived from the original on January 15, 2023. The contribution conundrum Why did Wikipedia succeed while other encyclopedias failed?. Archived from the original on February 10, 2023. Kock, Ned Jung, Yusun Syn, Thant 2016. Wikipedia and e-Collaboration Research Opportunities and Challenges PDF. International Journal of e-Collaboration. Archived PDF from the original on September 27, 2016. Sidener, Jonathan December 6, 2004. Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Meyers, Peter September 20, 2001. Fact-Driven? Collegial? This Site Wants You. I can start an article that will consist of one paragraph, and then a real expert will come along and add three paragraphs and clean up my one paragraph, said Larry Sanger of Las Vegas, who founded Wikipedia with Mr. a b c Sanger, Lar